SAD - So disappointed that no where in the limiting did it mention this suit is australian in size!! i ordered the 10 (i'm usually an 8 but that was sold o...
HAPPY - This is a lovely pencil skirt that is well-made and really brightens a work day. like a lot skirts with multiple colors, a lot of tops feel like they ...
HAPPY - This top is so much better in person. i do not agree with some of the other reviews about the fabric being scratchy. it is not and i have sensitive sk...
SAD - I love the metallic colors of this top and figured i could wear it under a ruched jacket and circle skirt for work. welp, that's out the window. this ...
SAD - The top as with most of ap's tops is well stitched. material is very uncomfortable. if you have large bust it is a little divulging. this may prompt y...
SAD - Not keeping this one. the fabric is a bit tacky-looking in person, the cut is odd and it's just not me. fit is fine and there are snaps to keep the ne...
HAPPY - Love this skirt. the detail is amazing. runs small i ordered a 12 i'm usually a 10, but still a little snug....
HAPPY - Like other reviewers noted, the pics don't do this skirt justice. it is truly beautiful with an intricate lace pattern and rich colors. can't wait to ...
HAPPY - This skirt is wonderful! the price point seems a bit high for the average office gal, but the quality is impeccable. i really enjoy looking at myself ...
HAPPY - This is a very pretty skirt and the colors are better in real life. sizing was mostly true to size for me, slightly tight in the waist but i have a th...
HAPPY - I purchased this skirt at retailer store in texas. i fell in love since i saw it. the fabric is nice and the colors are pretty and cheerful for this s...
HAPPY - Some reviewers found this skirt to be on the smaller side, but for me, it was big,,, too bad the smaller size is sold out (well, all peittes are sold ...
HAPPY - The stylist had me try this top on off the shoulders, but that was kind of snug, perhaps why it didn't fit right, it is not off the shoulders on this ...
SAD - My firned tried this on and her first comment was "take it off, it is scratchy", so i didn't bother trying it on. it is, however, beautiful, if you ar...
HAPPY - Ii'm not usually big on lace but this is so unique and versatile that i went for it. looks good dressed up w/a nice top or casual w/a tee. can be worn...
SAD - It's a pretty top, but it runs very short. the back is also pretty see through so i'm not sure i will keep it. it's called off the shoulder but it is ...
HAPPY - Perfect for work or going out. i layered this with the reversible tank in medium pink so it would be work appropriate. it did not feel scratchy to me,...
HAPPY - The silhouette and length of this skirt and length are flattering, classic and comfortable! the colors and weight of this skirt make it versatile - co...
HAPPY - I am obsessed with peplum down coats because the ones you usually see have no shape and are extremely unflattering. i was excited for this to arrive. ...
HAPPY - I received the sky color in m online. am definetly keeping it as it is beautiful. however i wish they had made it a little less wide and more long. ...
HAPPY - Love this vest! the color looks a little more brown in the picture than it really is--it's a deep forest green that goes great with jeans or black pan...
HAPPY - This blouse is a perfect creation: perfect-weight cotton, many, many details, and color, all perfectly executed. there's fullness to the body, so this...
HAPPY - I love this vest! there are so many ways to style it...open or tied closed, over a dress or with a tshirt and jeans. i get compliments every time i we...
HAPPY - In my retailer this was hung over in the pj section, and it really has more of a jammie top feel... soft, thin and stretchy. it's super cozy and comfo...
SAD - It's ok, fit doesn't wow me because of my body. chest is too wide, hips look too narrow. drapes across my back fat in an especially non-flattering way...
HAPPY - Intrepid soul that i am, i washed it in the machine in cold water on a 25 minute cycle, then put it in the dryer for 8 minutes, shook it out, hung it ...

